Here lies the meeting notes of Umbrella Magic's CSC 380 Android Project "You Can't Hide"

01-30-12

1) Group Contract Revisions. Attached.

2) Team Name: Umbrella Magic

3) Project Ideas:  
                Android App.
                Gamification of childhood games.
                Hide and seek using GPS, “bump,” score on server.
                Voting for next game (what do people want to play?).
                Implement “bounds” dictated by map and GPS.
                How do handle tagging?
                Additional game idea: scavenger hunt.
                Additional game idea: capture the flag.

4) Project Name: CampusGames

5) Sharing Code: GitHub

Assignment:      
                All Group Members
                Deadline: Friday
                Sign up for GitHub and install the application.
                Check it out; we will discuss it on Friday. 


02-01-13

1) Role division between Web Services project and Software Engineering:
                Software Engineering:
                                Get Information (GPS, Accelerometer, Tag, etc.)
                                Information Presentation (GUI)
                Web Services:
                                Website?
                                Process the Information (Logic)
                                Database

2) What we need to research / think about:
                a) How to implement GPS.
                b) How to incorporate and implement accelerometer.
                c) How to handle tagging (and how to implement it).

3) Tasks:
                a) Christopher has emailed the project description and group contract to Dr. Early. [complete]
                b) Anthony has created a repository, and will try to make it accessible to the group.
                c) Angie will create the "master report" for the team journal on Angel (starting next week).

Assignment:      
                All Group Members
                Deadline: Monday
                Install Eclipse.
                Install EGit (http://www.eclipse.org/egit/download/).
                Install Android SDK.

Assignment:      
                All Group Members
                Deadline: Monday
                When you get an email from Anthony, copy the repository.
                Make a change to the program (just something trivial, or a comment).

Extra Credit:
                Get started researching how to implement GPS.


02-04-13

1) How do we prevent this app from being used to stalk people?
                Proposed Solution: We could use  a system of invitations, and stop tracking when someone leaves the game.
                Extra Credit: If you think of a better way of handling the issue, please let us know!

2) Should we have multiple games in the same app, or should we have a number of apps in the "Campus Games" series?
                We did not decide on this, so think it over. We will revisit this in a future meeting.

3) Should we skip the meeting on Wednesday?
                This was proposed after the meeting, since we are ahead of the game, and might not have much to discuss.
                Please respond with your answer (if you would like to skip the meeting on Wednesday or not) ASAP.
                If everyone agrees we can skip it, we will meet on Friday, otherwise we will meet on Wednesday, as usual.

Assignment:      
                All Group Members
                Deadline: Next Meeting
                Look over the GPS materials that Christopher emailed on Sunday.

Assignment:      
                All Group Members
                Deadline: Next Meeting
                Brainstorm ways to incorporate the accelerometer.
                Present your ideas at the next meeting (i.e. have them written down or something)


02-06-13

1) How to handle tagging:
                The best Idea we have so far is to use GPS to tell who is closest when "it" hits the "tag" button.
                The person being tagged can confirm or deny.
                Will there be a penalty for

2) Accelerometer can be used to tell how long each player had been idle (and therefore how well they are hidden).
                We can keep statistics for how active & how well hidden players are (leading to achievements, or titles, to be unlocked).

3) Additional use of GPS: track how far players have traveled.

4) Name changed to "You Can't Hide" or "You Can't Hide...". What did we decide about the ellipses?

5) Rules ironed out: Combo of "Hide and Seek" and "Manhunt":
                All players can run to "base," even without being found (for instance if "it" passes by their hiding place).
                There is a range "too close to hide in" and a range "too far to be in the game."
                GPS tracks if the person is in an acceptable hiding distance, or if they are in the base, or safe zone.

6) Separate modes for only "it" and for a team of "it"s.

7) Possibly allow for hidden "mines"
                Other tools like this?
                Bought through exp?

Assignment:      
                All Group Members
                Deadline: Friday
                Fill out individual weekly report to submit on ANGEL.

Assignment:      
                All Group Members
                Deadline: Friday
                Draw dimple sketches / diagrams of what you would like the interaction with the application to look like.
                What info should players in different roles have? What buttons do they have at a given time...etc.

Tasks: Ongoing, but please be able to report on you progress for Monday's meeting!

                Christopher's Task: Work on GPS implementation.

                Anthony's Task: Work on web services and database implementation.

                Sean's Task: Create diagrams about how different components relate to and communicate with each other (outline Java class hierarchies where applicable).

                Angie's Task: Work on accelerometer implementation.


02-11-13

1) The Accelerometer is determined to be a dead end (too gimmicky).

2) We spent most of the time discussing the interaction design of the game, especially at the beginning (logging in, joining the game etc.).

3) Next meeting we will outline our requirements document.

4) We need to have a meeting with Dr. Early. It won't work this week, so we need to work with him to schedule something for next week.

Tasks: Ongoing...

                Christopher's Task: Work on GPS implementation. Figure out those strings!

		                Anthony's Task: Work on web services and database implementation (MySQL).

				                Sean's Task: Create diagrams about how different components relate to and communicate with each other (outline Java class hierarchies where applicable).

						                Angie's Task: Since the accelerometer didn't work out, I will make some "stubs" for the user interface, based on what we discussed today.

								attachment: the diagram of the interaction from the white board.

								CSC380_InteractionDraft.JPG


02-20-13

1) Take a look at Umbrello UML Modeller. Thanks to Christopher for the tip.

2) No meeting on Friday (today).

Tasks:

                Sean's Task: Use the hierarchies you have been developing to make UML class diagrams.

		                Angie's Task: I will edit the Requirements Document this weekend (on Google Docs), and print it out on Monday.


				Note: Don't forget to do the team journal today!


